update format, wording, and UI text (#1)
benmaoer/docs: tidb-cloud/backup-and-restore.md

## Limitations

- TiDB Cloud does not support restoring tables in the `mysql` schema, including user permissions and system variables.
- If you turn on and off Point-in-time Restore multiple times, you can only choose a time point within the recoverable range after the most recent Point-in-time Restore is enabled. The earlier recoverable range is not accessible.

## Backup

### Configure automatic backup

> TiDB Dedicated supports both [snapshot backup](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/br-snapshot-guide) and [log backup](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/br-pitr-guide). Snapshot backup enables you to restore data to a specific backup point. By default, TiDB Dedicated automatically performs snapshot backup and stores backup files according to your backup retention policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Dedicated supports both [snapshot backup](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/br-snapshot-guide) and [log backup](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/br-pitr-guide). Snapshot backup enables you to restore data to the backup point. By default, snapshot backups are taken automatically and stored according to your backup retention policy.
```

Reviewer: Snapshot backup does not support to restore to a specific backup point

> TiDB Dedicated supports both [snapshot backup](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/br-snapshot-guide) and [log backup](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/br-pitr-guide) (Point-in-time Restore in TiDB Dedicated). Snapshot backup enables you to restore to a specific backup point. By default, TiDB Dedicated automatically performs snapshot backup and stores the backup files according to your backup retention policy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TiDB Dedicated supports both [snapshot backup](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/br-snapshot-guide) and [log backup](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/br-pitr-guide) (Point-in-time Restore in TiDB Dedicated). Snapshot backup enables you to restore data to a specific backup point. By default, TiDB Dedicated automatically performs snapshot backup and stores backup files according to your backup retention policy.
```

Reviewer 2: (Point-in-time Restore in TiDB Dedicated) 写到这里是什么意思呢

> TiDB Dedicated supports both [snapshot backup](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/br-snapshot-guide) and [log backup](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/br-pitr-guide) (Point-in-time Restore in TiDB Dedicated). Snapshot backup enables you to restore data to a specific backup point. By default, TiDB Dedicated automatically performs snapshot backup and stores backup files according to your backup retention policy.

Author: ```suggestion
TiDB Dedicated supports both [snapshot backup](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/br-snapshot-guide) and [log backup](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/br-pitr-guide). Snapshot backup enables you to restore data to a specific backup point. By default, TiDB Dedicated automatically performs snapshot backup and stores backup files according to your backup retention policy.
```

To configure automatic backup, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the **Backup** page of a TiDB Dedicated cluster.

> 2. Click **Backup Settings**. The setting window displays.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click **Backup Settings**. The setting window is displayed.
```

    - In **Dual Region Backup**, you can control whether to turn on this feature. For more details, refer to [Configure Dual Region Backup](#configure-dual-region-backup).

4. Click **Confirm** to preview the configuration change.

5. Click **Confirm**.

#### Set up Point-in-time Restore

> **Note**
>
> The Point-in-time Restore feature is supported for TiDB Dedicated clusters that are v6.4.0 or later.

This feature supports restoring data of any point in time to a new cluster. You can use it to:

- Reduce RPO in disaster recovery.
- Resolve cases of data write errors by restoring point-in-time that is before the error event.
- Audit the historical data of the business.

It is strongly recommended to turn on this feature. The cost is the same as snapshot backup. For more information, refer to [Data Backup Cost](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-dedicated-pricing-details#backup-storage-cost).

In the **Backup Settings** window, you can turn on the feature with the following steps:

1. Toggle the **Auto Backup** switch to **On**.
2. Toggle the **Point-in-time Restore** switch to **On**.

> **Warning**
>

> > Point-in-Time Restore only takes effect after the next backup task completes. To enable it immediately, you need to [manually perform a backup](#manual-backup) after configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Point-in-Time Restore only takes effect after the next backup task is completed. To make it take effect earlier, you can [manually perform a backup](#manual-backup) after enabling it.
```

#### Set up backup scheduler

TiDB Dedicated supports daily and weekly backup schedules. By default, the backup schedule is set to daily. You can choose a specific time of the day or week to start snapshot backup.

> To configure backup schedule, toggle the **Auto Backup** switch to **On** and set the following settings:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure the backup schedule, toggle the **Auto Backup** switch to **On** and make the following settings:
```

- In **Backup Scheduler**, select either the **Daily** or **Weekly** checkbox. If you select **Weekly**, you need to specify the days of the week for the backup.

    > **Warning**
    >

>     > - The Point-in-time Restore feature is enabled by default and cannot be disabled when you enable weekly backup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > - When weekly backup is enabled, the Point-in-time Restore feature is enabled by default and cannot be disabled.
```

    > - If you change the backup scheduler from weekly to daily, the Point-in-time Restore feature remains its original setting. You can manually disable it if needed.

- In **Backup Time**, schedule a start time for the daily or weekly cluster backup.

    If you do not specify a preferred backup time, TiDB Cloud assigns a default backup time, which is 2:00 AM in the time zone of the region where the cluster is located.

    > **Note**
    >

>     > - To minimize the impact on business, it is recommended to schedule automatic backup at a low workload period.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > - To minimize the impact on business, it is recommended to schedule automatic backup during periods of low workloads.
```

>     > - Backup jobs are automatically delayed when importing data jobs are in progress. **DO NOT** run the manual backup while importing data, or during cluster scaling.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > - Backup jobs are automatically delayed when data import jobs are in progress. **DO NOT** run manual backups during data import, or during cluster scaling.
```

> - In **Backup Retention**, configure the minimum backup data retention period. The default is seven days.

Reviewer 2: minimum?

    > **Note**
    >

>     > - After you delete the cluster, the automatic backup files will be retained for a specified period, as set in **Backup Settings**. You need to delete the backup files accordingly.

Author: ```suggestion
    > - After you delete the cluster, the automatic backup files will be retained for a specified period, as set in **Backup Retention**. You need to delete the backup files accordingly.
```

>     > - After you delete the cluster, the automatic backup files will be retained for a specified period, as set in **Backup Settings**. You need to delete the backup files accordingly.

Reviewer 2: as set in **Backup Retention**?

    > - After you delete a cluster, the existing manual backup files will be retained until you manually delete them, or your account is closed.

> ### Configure dual region backup

Author: ```suggestion
### Configure dual region backup

> **Note:**
>
> The dual region backup feature is currently in beta.
```

> TiDB Dedicated supports dual region backup by replicating backups to a region different from the cluster region. After you enable this feature, all backups are automatically replicated to the specified region. This provides cross-region data protection and disaster recovery capabilities. It is estimated that approximately 99% of the data can be replicated to the secondary region within an hour.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TiDB Dedicated supports dual region backup by replicating backups from your cluster region to another different region. After you enable this feature, all backups are automatically replicated to the specified region. This provides cross-region data protection and disaster recovery capabilities. It is estimated that approximately 99% of the data can be replicated to the secondary region within an hour.
```

> Dual region backup costs include both backup storage usage and cross region data transfer fees. For more information, refer to [Data Backup Cost](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-dedicated-pricing-details#backup-storage-cost).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dual region backup costs include both backup storage usage and cross-region data transfer fees. For more information, refer to [Data Backup Cost](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-dedicated-pricing-details#backup-storage-cost).
```
